Validate and polish content, transition to hpc6a (#337)
aws-samples/aws-hpc-tutorials: content/09-hpc-kubernetes/_index.md

{{% /notice %}}
-->

> In this lab, you are introduced to deploying and using a container orchestrator such as [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) for running HPC applications. You will run a high-performance application for molecular dynamics, [GROMACS](https://www.gromacs.org/), that reads and writes data from/to a managed Lustre parallel file system, [Amazon FSx for Lustre](https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lab, you are introduced to deploy and use a container orchestrator such as [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) for running HPC applications. You will run a high-performance application for molecular dynamics, [GROMACS](https://www.gromacs.org/), that reads and writes data from/to a managed Lustre parallel file system, [Amazon FSx for Lustre](https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/).
```
